- Is that... oh, it's okay.
- You... it's just...
Can we just-just like that?
Is that good?
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah,
we can go slow.
- You close?
- Um, I...
I think I lost it.
- That's okay.
- Yeah.
- But do you want to...
- Stop? Yeah, no, we can stop.
Oh, oh, great, yeah-yeah,
I have to go to work.
- So, okay, all right.
- Yeah, no, that's okay.
Good try.
Do you wanna try again tonight?
Maybe? I don't know,
I'm supposed to meet
with Doug later,
so I don't really know
what kind of mood
I'm gonna be in.
Sorry, I always forget
you have a parole officer.
He's a probation officer.
It's not a parole...
I didn't go to jail.
That's the difference, I keep
explaining that,
and you don't...
Do you wanna try this weekend?
Maybe!
Hi.
My name's Jack Brown,
I was curious if I could
talk to you about
saving the planet today.
Uh, no, no.
Oh, hi, did you want
a fitting room,
or should I wrap it up for you?
- Just ring it up please.
- Okay.
Can you put me on the list?
- Yeah, sure, of course.
- For, like,
- not to come back?
- "Do not come back."
I wanna... I wanna be
on the list that's like,
never come here again
for you and your peers.
I'll take this too.
Oh, um, off the mannequin?
Just... I'll take it.
Okay.
- Hey-yo!
- Hey, my name's Jack Brown.
Yeah, you're from Titty Bingo.
Excuse me?
You know what?
Never mind.
Wait, no, what's...
What's Titty Bingo?
Oh, that's from
the Spring Resort collection.
- Yes.
- Okay.
Why?
Oh, hey, welcome to the store...
Just looking.
Caught you!
- Um...
- Where's that from?
- Um, the... sorry?
- The wine.
Oh, uh... the bottle?
You're fun.
That's a fun answer.
Mm... mm!
Ugh, who serves
room temperature rosé?
Ugh, my boss.
That dress is good on you.
Uh, it... it's not mine,
we, you know,
we have to wear stuff
from the store, so...
I mean, I...
I would love to show you
something similar,
or you could even...
You could try this one on.
Why'd you do that?
Well, I work here, so.
No, why'd you deflect
when I gave you a compliment?
- Oh, I...
- Is that something
- you normally do?
- Um...
You shouldn't do that.
No, we would never talk
to anyone else
the way we talk to ourselves.
My friend Renée Brown says that.
- Oh...
- Come with me.
Oh, my God, you're so tall.
- I know.
- No, it's amazing.
You're like a valkyrie
or an Amazonian.
You look like Wonder Woman.
Look at you, you're so powerful.
You look amazing, right?
Say it.
You look amazing.
- Say it.
- No, it's... no.
- You look amazing.
- I...
"I look amazing."
Now you.
I look amazing.
Yeah, one more time.
- I look amazing.
- Okay, one more time.
- Now I believe you.
We're just having fun.
I love that. I'm Catherine.
People call me Cat.
I'm Lindsay.
People just...
- Lindz?
- ...call me Lindsay.
I'm gonna call you Lindz.
You're about to go
on break, right?
- Oh, I don't...
- I feel like
you're about to go on break.
In the back of my mind,
I just, I've always wanted
to be a designer,
and then I got...
I don't know, here I am.
Working at a store,
and Jack is...
I'm sorry,
I'm a little embarrassed,
I'm just,
I'm rambling on and on.
- No, no-no.
- I... we should...
Let's just stop
talking about me.
Lindz, honestly,
I'm just happy to be
talking to another person
- who's married.
- Oh, are your friends
- not married?
- Well, I don't really...
- have a lot of friends.
- Oh, my God.
- I don't either.
- Well, who has time?
- Right?
- You know? Work, kids.
- Blah.
- Oh, you have kids.
Twins.
You don't?
Oh, no, no.
No twins, no kids, um,
we, you know,
we talked about it,
and it's not like
we're not... not trying,
we're just not trying,
- you know?
- Well, good for you.
We need more wine.
- What's her name?
- Um, Georgia?
Georgia!
- Hey, Georgia!
- Oh, God.
Yeah, you.
Is there something
I can help you with?
My friend Lindz is
entertaining me,
and we would just
love another bottle
of that delicious rosé
you're pouring.
Oh, Lindz, is it now?
Well, Lindz,
if your friend isn't
going to buy anything,
I'm going to have to ask her
- to leave.
- Is she talking to me?
- Yes, I am.
- I'm sorry.
- You're going to leave.
- Oh, okay.
I... okay, I think she's mad.
Um, Lindz,
you get commission, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, great, okay.
Georgia? I'm gonna
take care of this.
Have you ever thought
about meditating?
So, then Cat points
to an entire rack and says,
"I'll take all of that
in a size two."
Points to another rack and says,
"I'll take all of that
in a size four,"
because she gains weight
when they go to France.
And then she says,
"I'll take all of the boots
in a seven, and then
whatever Lindz likes."
- Ooh, "Lindz."
- Yeah, whatever Lindz likes.
You fucking hate
when people call you Lindz.
What? No, I... sorry,
what was I saying?
You just threw me off track.
Uh, boots and then
whatever Lindz likes.
Yes, whatever Lindz likes
from the jewelry.
"You know what, actually
I'm just gonna take
- all of the jewelry."
- Oh, fuck.
Yeah! "And I want it
hand-wrapped,
individually, by you."
- She said that to Georgia?
- To Georgia.
- And you're not fired?
- No!
I sold more in ten minutes
than that boutique has
sold in six months.
- Nice.
- Then she takes my phone,
she puts her number in it,
and says, "You and Jack
"have to go to Sonoma
next weekend
Yeah, Cat says
it's the new Napa.
Did you hear what I just said?
What? Yeah,
no, yeah, it's wild.
Do we not get
the MLB network anymore?
Do you wanna go?
- What?
- Do you wanna go?
- What, to Napa?
- Sonoma?
- Jack.
- Bottom of the third...
I mean, don't you think
that's kind of weird?
Uh, no.
Do not cross-examine.
I'm not, I just...
You don't know this Kate.
- Cat.
- Right, but this person
just, like, blows
into your store, apparently
buys everything in it,
and then you get
a huge commission... which,
like, you know, awesome.
And then she just
invites you to Sedona?
- Sonoma.
- What did I say?
Sedona.
My point being,
you know, this could be
some weird,
rich person sex thing
- or, like, purge thing.
- "Purge"?
Yeah, like the movies,
like... like maybe
they wanna hunt us for sport,
did you think about that?
No, I didn't, Jack,
because I'm not an idiot.
Nice, nice, that's good.
I'm sorry.
I would really like to go.
And I would like
to understand why you want
to spend a weekend
with people you don't know.
Okay, because she was fun
and funny and interesting,
and she and her husband own
their own businesses.
And they have a house
and they have a family.
They have their shit together.
I thought this could be
really good for us.
All right, when is it?
- Next weekend.
- Next weekend!
It's next weekend.
You said that, sorry.
Okay.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
I gotta get the time off
and then clear it with Doug.
But...
- yeah, it'll be fun.
- Yeah?
- I think.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
- I'm gonna text her.
- Great.
- Okay.
- If they purge us, though,
I get to be super-pissed off.
I mean, it could be
the sex thing.
No.
I knew we should've
printed the directions.
Well, I mean, I didn't know
that there would be
- no service.
- This is what rich people do.
They go off the grid
for vacation.
Because you know
so many rich people?
No, but I do watch "Billions,"
and this is... this is
a total Axe move.
Okay.
Where the fuck are we?
- We're in wine country.
- So why are there cows?
There should be grapes.
Read the invite again?
"You are cordially
invited to a weekend
"of wine and whimsy
at Vlas Vineyard.
7766 Lewis Road."
Oh, my God.
And there's a star
and a picture of a cow.
So we are clearly close.
- That's a murder house.
- What?
Yeah. That's a house
where a murder happens.
- What are you talking about?
- My mom always said
you would kill me,
and you've finally done it.
- This is great.
- All right, "Purge."
Look, they're obviously
very, very wealthy.
You're gonna have to call them.
- I...
- We're just gonna
sit here like weirdos.
Hi! It's Jack and Lindsay!
- No, Jack!
- Hello?
Don't be rude!
Hello?
This man is made of dicks.
- Jack!
- What? He'...
No, I need you to be cool, okay?
- I am, I am cool.
- No, listen to me.
I really like her,
and she's being really nice
to invite us up here,
and I'm not really great
at making friends,
so I just need you to...
- No, I will keep it tight.
- Tightest.
Okay.
Oh!
Let's get
the birthday weekend started!
Let's do it!
- Hey!
- Hi.
- You made it!
- Hi!
Hey, can we get Jack
and Lindsay some drinks?
- Hi.
- Thank you.
- Oh, thank you.
Did you get
the champagne? Great.
I am so grateful you're here.
I have been losing my mind.
Jack, it is so nice
to finally meet you.
You are so lucky to have her.
- She's so special.
- Oh, yeah, no, thank you.
- Yeah, of course.
- Jack and Lindz,
these are our friends
Kerry and Carrie.
We know.
It's okay to laugh.
I didn't know his name was
Kerry when we met.
Yeah, she was modeling
at this world wildlife
fundraiser-fashion show-
interactive theater
sort of thing
that Jared was doing.
- Leto, not Kushner.
- Yeah, of course.
That Jared was doing at Dumbo...
We were all playing
the emotions of penguins
that were killed
for their scales.
Right, right, and the girls
were only allowed to show
- what emotion they were.
- Sad.
Which was super-convincing,
'cause I thought
- her name was...
- Sad.
...For, like, a week.
But, in my defense, I was
pretty fuckin' banged up.
He spent $65,000
- on champagne.
- Yeah, and then we did
a couple of grams
of Bolivian marching powder
- in the bathroom.
- And we tried to have sex.
In the bathroom.
But he couldn't get hard.
Because of the blow.
And we've been together
- pretty much ever since.
- Ahh!
Classic Kerry, right, babe?
Can I steal her for a sec?
Oh, yeah, by all means.
Great.
I've heard that story
a million times.
You're welcome.
- My man.
- Yeah.
- Matt Flax.
- Jack Brown.
- Pleasure there, bud.
- Good to meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
Thank you.
Yeah, no, my...
this is...
hey, can I... do you mind?
Oh, yeah, that's great,
thank you, Becca.
Thank you, Becca.
- Hi.
God, I hate those people.
Really?
They seem nice.
Oh, they're not.
- They're such assholes.
- Really?
Yes.
So, how's Jack doing?
He thinks we're crazy, right?
What? No.
I mean... he thinks
you're gonna murder us.
I mean, he's... he's joking.
Oh, my God, no,
I totally get it.
I'm just, like,
this crazy stranger
who stumbles into your store
and then invites you
to Healdsburg.
Who does that?
Actually, that would make
a really good horror movie.
Should we write that?
I love that idea.
I'm sorry, I thought
we were in Sonoma.
Oh, we are,
but it's actually Healdsburg,
technically Windsor, but it's
all in the Sonoma region.
Oh, okay.
You know what?
Um, Jack and I were talking,
on the way up,
and we were thinking...
I just felt an immediate
connection to you.
You seem so...
Sad?
That's a good callback.
No, just... undervalued.
You're not supposed
to be selling
other people's clothes.
Well, I... I mean,
I don't want to be.
Then why are you?
Student debt.
Oh.
You enjoying the brew?
You... holy shit, you can't...
You can't get this
- in California.
- Pause.
You buy the distributor,
you can do whatever you want.
You buy the...
- You bought the distributor?
- Anyway,
let me tell you
a quick story, so that
you don't have to hear it
from Kerry later.
His grandfather
invented tater tots.
- Get the fuck out of here.
- No, it's an epic story.
He was working KP,
kitchen duty, in World War II,
not in the shit,
he was in, like,
Mississippi or something,
and there were
all these little
extra pieces of potato
that they weren't using,
so the guys in the kitchen
started frying 'em up,
and the grunts loved 'em.
So the war ends, and this guy
has got the foresight
to trademark the thing...
The rest of the KP guys
were pissed.
Wait, he didn't cut 'em in?
No, man, the guy was
a fuckin' killer.
- You know?
- Yeah.
Killer. Killer instinct.
Wow.
Uh, so...
how many more people are
- coming up this weekend?
- Oh, this is it.
Cat wanted to keep it pretty
intimate for her birthday.
And we were gonna
blow it out for 30, so...
she wanted to keep it
simple for 29.
- It's Cat's birthday?
- What... 69?!
- My guy!
- It's her birthday?
I feel like
I might know the waiter.
- Mm, which one?
- The guy.
Daniel?
- Daniel...
- Yeah.
Huh.
- Uh...
- Do you know him?
- Where are the twins?
- Oh, they're back
with the au pair in the city.
We wanted to get away
this weekend.
Oh, hell yeah, good for you.
Yeah, it's my birthday.
I didn't want to think about it.
Them... they're obvious...
They're people, I love them.
Did you just say
it was your birthday?
- Yeah.
- Your birthday?!
- Oh, my God!
I didn't bring anything!
- Oh, that's okay.
- No, I'm so sorry.
Trust me,
you being here is enough.
I really want you
to let me cook you dinner.
- Oh... ew, no!
- Please.
- No?
- Ew, no-no-no.
We have...
We have people who do that.
You just be our guest.
Just relax, enjoy.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
I'm just happy you're here.
- Mmm.
- Hey.
Hi.
- Hi.
You know... hi, I think
Lindsay and I would love
to take a moment
to just go check out
our room real quick.
- Just get situated.
- Oh...
yeah, I'm... I'm so sorry.
I... I forget that being
up here makes people...
- Oh...
- Oh, no-no-no...
You two go unload.
Wink-wink, sorry,
I'm... I'm so inappropriate.
Sometimes I have to... Becca!
Could you please show
our guests to their room?
- Hi.
- Of course.
We took the liberty of putting
- your bags in your room.
- I'm just gonna assume
it's that one there at the end
of the hallway, right?
So I think we can probably
get there on our own.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Holy shit, this is a guest room?
He bought my favorite brewery.
- What?
- He bought...
well, he bought
the distribution...
How did he know
that's my favorite beer?
Oh, I mean, I don't know,
he probably, like,
Instagram med you
or Face booked you,
- or whatever.
- So he stalked me?
No, he Googled you.
We all do it.
We all Google each other,
and then we act surprised
when people tell us shit
that we already know
about ourselves.
Did you know
it was her birthday?
- Mm...
- That's kind of weird
she wouldn't tell us
that we were up here
- for her birthday.
- Well, I think that...
Where are our bags?
Um...
they're in here, in a closet.
- Jesus.
- They're unpacked.
They are definitely
gonna kill us.
Hey, what are these?
I don't know.
Gift bags!
Oh, my God!
- Jesus.
- Jack, these are so nice!
I've got face wash...
- Hangover kit...
- Beard trim lotion...
- Massage oil...
- I have lube...
- Really?
- Yes, there's, like,
a tremendous amount
of sex stuff in here.
- Oh, my God.
- And I have Viagra.
I told you it was a sex thing.
Yes, yes, you did.
Gum...
Hey.
Can... Can we not do
any drugs this weekend?
- Who's doing drugs?
- I mean, the first thing
- that guy said was...
- Which guy?
Kerry, the tall guy.
He said he does a lot of blow.
- Okay?
- And there are
joints in my bag.
- Which are totally legal.
- They are, for people
that aren't on probation
and have to piss
- in a cup every week.
- Well, I mean...
well, that's not their fault.
Okay.
There are six people here.
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm,
- and there's an itinerary.
- Wine tasting, karaoke,
brunch, yoga, massages!
Jack, this is like a resort.
"Jumpin' Jack Flash."
What?
That's so rad.
What's mine say?
"Lazy Lindz."
Oh, well...
You still hate when people
call you "Lindz," right?
- Oh, yeah.
- They...
- Don't know that.
- Right.
You wanna...
unload?
Now?
You don't really seem
like you want to.
Yeah, I don't.
Fuck, I should've changed.
- No, you look fine.
- I look fucking homeless.
- You look fine.
- Jack, Lindz,
- you guys get situated?
- Yeah, yeah.
Somebody unpacked our stuff.
Oh, yeah, that was Milton.
He is the fucking best.
- Milton?
- Well,
I say Milton,
I mean Daniel and Becca.
- But yeah.
- Okay, you know,
by the way, thank you
for the bags.
- They're incredible.
- Oh, did we do bags?
Hey, babe, what's in the bags?
I don't know,
I told Milton to do
the kits again and then
just to do something
- comfy but fun.
- Guys, seriously.
Are they comfy but fun?
- Very.
- Great.
Hey, I was...
I'm still not getting
any cell phone reception.
- Yeah, and you won't.
- What?
No internet either.
Only way I can
keep him off the grid.
She calls it a digital detox.
We just get to be
here, together,
without any interruptions.
Wow, that's... that's crazy.
So, what are we doing
for dinner?
I'm... I'm happy
to help in the kitchen
- with the vegan...
- Oh, no-no-no.
Come here, I wanna show you
something, Ker, come here.
You boys go away,
I want Lindz to myself.
- Okay.
- Come here.
You have fun.
- Jack?
- Yeah.
What are you drinking?
Just whatever you got
there is perfect.
- Thank you.
- Tequila.
- Oh.
- Bing.
Bang.
- Bong.
- Boom.
- Cheers.
- Cheers, yes, thanks, guys.
- Fuck me, that's good.
- Right? Yeah?
What... is this...
Is this Casa? What is this?
It's from me and Matt's
place in Jalisco.
- Jalisco?
- Yeah,
the tequila capital
of the world, Jack.
- Is this your tequila?
- Well, mine and Ker's,
- but yeah.
- Oh, my God, that is cool.
Yeah, we don't sell it, though.
Yeah, it's just
for personal consumption.
Mm-hmm, do you love it?
Or do you love it?
- You love it.
- Kerry?
- Yes?
- I fucking love
- this tequila.
- I knew it.
We'll have...
We'll send you a case, huh?
Thank you, man, that's
really... that's really sweet.
Thank you. That's really
nice of you guys.
Of course.
Hey, come on.
- I wanna show you the view.
- Yeah-yeah-yeah.
Hey, actually, you gotta
finish your drink.
No man refills
till every man is refueled.
- It's a house rule.
- I told my wife I wasn't
gonna drink too much,
so I'm probably just gonna,
like, I'll just sip it
a little bit, maybe,
like a water in there,
maybe a juice...
How are you gonna
drink too much?
We're not going anywhere.
- Bottoms up!
- Okay, okay.
- I'm too... let's go.
- It's really nice, though.
It's kind of oaky.
Becca had our chef
prep everything
and then run it up here
this morning.
Don't tell anyone.
- No.
- Wine?
- Yes, please.
- Okay.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
These are beautiful glasses.
Oh, thank you.
Yeah, they're kind of
one of a kind.
Um... whoo.
Okay, and...
here you go...
Ooh, sorry,
it's just about out, so.
- That's fine.
- Awesome, okay.
Um...
I mean, I can't even imagine
having to do another trip
with just the four of us.
I mean, the boys are
inseparable.
And then it's just me and...
I mean,
I just get drunk.
There's nothing else to do.
- Well, cheers.
- Thank you, God...
It's the fucking best, right?
I can't believe
you're here, Jack.
I can't believe it either, man.
Oh, no-no, no,
you misunderstand me.
Cat doesn't like people.
Not certain people.
People. I thought
she was joking when she said
she invited you up here.
Honestly, dude, I...
I thought Lindsay was...
Like, I still...
I still think this is a joke.
I'm, like, waiting
for fucking Ashton Kutcher
to pop out of the couch
or something.
- Dude, is Ashton coming?
- He's just joking, Kerry.
Wait, you guys know
Ashton Kutcher?
- Fuck, we used to...
- They had a big...
- It doesn't matter.
- ...thing.
What, were you guys, like,
the house rules thing...
- Were you guys in a frat...
- No, we went
- to a prep school together.
- Yeah, go, Cavs, whoo!
And I was a first-gen,
and Kerry was not
an old-money dick bag
like the rest of those guys.
So you got a lot of these guys
coming to these schools
who are, like, deep old money.
Like, fucked up
industrial revolution money.
- Yeah.
Matt was one of the first
hedge fund guy's kids
- to roll through.
- Mm.
Your dad was a hedge fund guy?
Yeah, yeah, he was.
And then he was
an insider trading guy.
- And then he was a jail guy.
- Whoa.
And we lost everything,
and my mother had to...
go back to waiting tables
at age 45
at a shitty restaurant,
and I had to drop out
of school and take a job
bagging groceries,
and then kind of
the cherry on top of it all...
my dad killed himself
when he was in prison.
Oh, Jesus Christ,
man, I'm sorry.
And it kind of
ruined my mom, and...
she couldn't work
anymore, and...
so I decided
to start working nights
at Blockbuster, and...
when I was there,
I pretty quickly identified
that their whole market share
was just gonna crumble
with the way that the internet
was gonna be going
with streaming services.
- You were how old?
- Oh, was...
- Seventeen.
- Yeah, 17,
but it wasn't
rocket science, right?
Everybody had big screen TVs,
because the Korean tech
finally caught up
to the need or want
of Japanese TVs.
Thanks to an investment
from my guy here
and some money over at Netflix,
and a few other
well-placed investments...
here we are.
You did this by yourself?
What? No.
Did you listen
to anything I just said?
My life is a Rube Goldberg
machine of privilege.
It was, like...
...boarding school, bing,
university, boom,
investment, no, man, come on.
No, you don't... you don't
get this by yourself.
You... You get this
with a little bit of capital
and a fuck ton of luck.
- Hey, to luck.
- To luck.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
It is so nice to have
another adult to talk to.
I mean, Kerry just runs
through these girls.
This one's clearly nearing
her expiration date.
And they've obviously
stopped fucking, right?
How... How can you tell?
Stop!
"How can you tell?"
Ugh, you're hilarious.
Do you ever do stand-up?
- No.
- Really? You should.
You could be, like,
Sarah Silver man's
little sister.
Oh! Time to rotate
the mung bean balls.
- Becca!
- Thank you, Becca.
You're so cute.
No, no, no!
So, what business are
you in, Jack?
Oh, I'm a... it's boring,
it's renewable energy.
Oh, dope!
Dope, so, like,
- design or infrastructure?
- No, it's again, it's solar.
- It's not...
- Oh, beta, okay, all right.
So, are you enjoying
that Tesla tax write-off then?
I, uh...
I sell them.
The solar panels.
I go... I go door to door,
and I try
to sell them to people.
Jack is being bashful.
He was a lawyer.
- Oh, sick!
- Yeah, but then
he got hit
with an assault charge.
- Oh, misdemeanor felony.
- Was a felony,
but he got it kicked
down to a misdemeanor,
and now he's serving probation
for... three years?
Five...
how do you know that?
Got a guy at the FBI.
And he feeds me information
whenever I have anybody
over to the house.
It's stupid,
but it's...
It's all about safety.
Oh, my God,
you should see your face.
Come on!
Oh, my God, no, man, that was...
that... that was good,
no, your wife told my wife, man.
She... She told Cat that?
Yeah, man,
that's just what they do,
they get alone, and they just...
take us down a peg.
- So what happened?
- I...
I have anger management issues.
Oh, cool, me too!
Oh, so that's
why you're in therapy.
- Got it, got it, got it...
- Lindsay...
Lindsay told Cat that?
Oh, no, that was
Milton's guy at the FBI.
He told us that.
So, it's weird
you know that, man.
- What?
- You know, the therapy,
- that's...
- Dude,
I fuckin' love therapy,
what are you talking about?
No, it's great, just I...
you just, you know,
like, a lot about me,
and I don't really know
anything about you.
Well, if we're
keeping track, my man,
you know that
my father went to prison
- and that he killed himself.
- I...
Hey, that was
a super-vulnerable thing
to tell a stranger.
- Thanks, bud.
- You're welcome, bro.
Yeah, okay, so, um,
- Lindsay...
- Who?
- My wife.
- Lindz.
- Yeah, Lindz.
- Oh.
Lindz, Lindz got into
an argument with this guy
- in a bar, and...
- So you hit him.
No, I mean,
it's not that simple.
- But you hit the guy.
- Yeah, but...
- So it is...
- What?
That simple.
No, I mean, you know,
this fucking guy...
this fucking asshole,
you know, he's fucking...
He's getting into it with
my wife, and the fucking...
he calls her a fucking...
cunt.
- A wh... a what?
- Cunt.
- Cuh... what is he saying?
- I don't have any idea.
- A cunt.
- Oh.
And this fucking asshole
calls my wife...
- Lindz.
- Yes, Lindz, Lindz,
a fucking cunt, you know,
so I fucking...
I get really in the guy's face,
he fucking shoves me, and I...
I just... I fucking hit him,
man, I just fucking hit him
across his fucking face.
- Yeah, fuck yeah, dude.
- Fuck yeah.
And this motherfucker,
he ends up being
the fucking son of
a prominent state senator,
- and I'm fucking...
- Oh, fuck.
Jackie.
That's...
that's a hell of a break, man.
Sometimes you don't
have any capital,
and you're really
fucking unlucky,
and you end up disbarred,
on probation,
selling fucking solar panels
door-to-door, so.
- Yeah.
- Hey, here's
to bad luck too, right,
'cause what's the fucking good
without the bad, yeah?
- Yeah.
- To Jack. Oh.
- And...
and for what it's worth,
I'd hit the guy too.
- To Jack.
- Thanks.
Let's get some mung bean bowls.
Then we can all go throw up,
it'll be great.
Who's ready for karaoke?!
Jack attack!
Your husband is so funny!
Oh, he is definitely having fun.
Guys, take the microphone.
No, Jack! No!
Jack, Jack.
Oh, no, I broke... I got it!
- You gotta... it's okay.
- Yeah, Jack!
We'll have someone
clean it up tomorrow.
- Don't worry about it.
- Whoo! Gotta do it again.
No, I did not keep it tight.
My son made that one,
and it is not...
...so mad at me.
Oh, man, Kerry kept
making me take shots,
and I said no,
but then I did 'em.
- So...
- Hey, Jack?
- Hmm? Yeah?
- Honey? This way.
- Mm-kay.
- Okay.
Here we go.
Yeah, okay, that's good.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
- What are you gonna do?
- Um, I'm going to go to bed.
What? No, go have fun.
- Really?
- Um, yeah.
You're having fun, right?
I mean, yeah,
I'm having a lot of fun.
- Good.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Mm.
- ...Matt.
- Good night.
- What?
- Matt, he said...
Guy is so smart, so smart.
He was talking
Korean technology,
Japanese green energy, money.
He's the best.
He's really smart...
Jack, you should talk to him.
You should talk to him over
the weekend about business.
I mean, maybe he could
help you find a job.
Nah, I have a job.
I just... I meant maybe
something that you liked
because you don't love your job.
And maybe there could be
something there
like a different career
or something.
Okay, good night.
Good night,
there's water by the bed.
Uh, hi, um, can I get a tequila?
- Lindsay.
- Um, Daniel, right?
Lindsay.
You don't recognize me?
Dan.
Dan Bishop.
Lindsay Simpson.
- Holy shit.
- I know.
Oh, my God.
What are you doing here?
Uh, I work for the Flaxes.
Well, I work for Milton.
But yeah,
Oh, my God, that... I mean,
Wow, you...
You look so different.
I know, well,
I was a trainer at Sea World,
and I quit that
when it stopped being cool
and, you know, started
fighting the fires up here,
and went to Burning Man,
met these folks...
- It was like...
- Oh, my God!
It all fell into line.
That is truly wild.
Um, I just... thank you.
- Um, so...
- And, uh, your husband,
- he was, what...
- He's a lawyer.
- He is?
And I work in fashion.
- What? That's amazing.
- Yeah.
Thank you, um, can I...
- Can I get just a little...
- Lindsay Simpson.
...Just a refill,
my song's about to come up.
- So I gotta...
- Well, let's get you
- warmed up, girl.
- I gotta go, but you,
you look great,
it's so good to see you.
I'll see you.
We'll be seeing you.
Yeah, I'll be here
all weekend, don't worry.
Hi... ya.
I was hoping
you would come back.
Oh, my God.
- Is Jack okay?
- Jack is fine.
He didn't throw up
or anything? Does he need...
No, no-no-no, he's sleeping, um,
do you remember earlier,
when I said that I thought
- I recognized the waiter?
- Oh, Daniel.
- Yeah, Dan.
- Daniel.
Dan, Dan Bishop.
I went to high school with Dan.
Daniel Bishop.
Shut up.
- Yeah, no, I went...
- What are the odds?
The odds that I, uh,
would be a person
who had a lot of sex
with someone
- who works at her house?
- You did sex...
Are very small!
- Wow!
- Yeah.
That is so hot.
Well...
That's not all.
Dan had a nickname.
- What was his nickname?
- Big Dick Dan.
- Big Dick Dan?
- Dan has a massive dick.
Yes!
- I love that.
- Okay.
- I love that so much.
- Well, yeah.
- Oh, my gosh.
- It would be so fun
and such a fun story
if it wasn't for the fact that
all of my sorority sisters
knew about it...
When I started dating Jack,
they would tease him.
Does Jack not have a big dick?
No, Jack has a great dick.
He has a great dick,
it's just like,
it's like husband dick,
like he's my husband.
- You know?
- Yeah, I do know.
- Unfortunately.
- He's been pretty cool
about it, it's just that...
I... I don't know
how he's gonna react.
- Mmm.
- It's an old wound.
- You know what I mean?
- Why does it... Why does it
need to be a thing?
Well, because I'm gonna be
a terrible person
if I don't tell him.
You don't have to tell him shit.
- What?
- Why do you have
to tell him that?
You could just not tell him.
In what world do I just
ignore Big Dick Dan
- for the rest of the week?
- I don't want you to.
But maybe you kind of have to.
Or I could just fire him.
- Because then...
- What?!
You don't have
to think about it,
Jack doesn't have to get
upset, and then we can...
- Are you messing with me?
- Daniel!
- No! Cat, seriously.
- I feel like you...
No, tequila's great!
Thank you!
- Stop it!
- I'm sorry, I just
want you to have
a good time, okay?
- Okay, so then...
- Okay.
...Maybe for tonight
we can just...
- forget about it?
- Hey, can you keep a secret?
- Yeah.
- Keep it a secret.
Fuck...
Oh...
Oh, my...
Oh, fuck.
Oh.
Babe, this doesn't
even have to be an argument.
I can take the plane
and be back in time from Dubai
to see his art installation.
Except I don't believe you.
You're not gonna make it
back at time, and then I...
Why does he wear so much
eyeliner to those things?
Because it's part of his look.
He's establishing himself
as an artist.
Well, I don't wanna
raise a weird kid
who dresses in black
all the time.
If he's weird,
then he's gonna be...
Jack, hey, morning!
You sleep okay?
- Hi, is Lindz up?
- Uh, no, no.
She, um...
I'm... I am like...
Uh, we-we-we... we got
after it last night, huh?
You definitely took it
up a notch, my man,
but hey, when you work hard,
you get to play hard.
Am I right?
You going for a run?
Yeah, yeah, no,
I'm gonna, you know,
try to sweat it out
before I put it back in.
Detox, retox, circle of life.
- You should use the gym.
- The gym?
There's one downstairs
and then another one
- down below by the pool.
- The pool?
Yeah, the one downstairs
is kind of sterile.
Agreed, I prefer
the one at the guest house.
- The guest house?
- Also, Kerry's
in the gym downstairs,
and he is a lot in there.
- At the guest house.
- No, downstairs.
But I think
Carrie's at the sauna.
- Oh.
- Where?
- By the pool.
- Which is?
- Down below.
Great.
There it is.
- Have fun.
- Sweat it out.
- He's gonna get lost.
- Yeah.
Hah! Hah!
Hah!
Hey, buddy!
I miss you, Daddy!
I hate you, Daddy!
- Hey.
- How you doing?
- I'm good, brother.
Just enjoying the bounty
of a beautiful day.
- Right on.
- Hey, you're Jack, right?
- Lindsay's husband.
- Yeah, yeah, man, you guys...
Man, it is great to meet you.
Yeah, you guys...
you guys too,
I'm looking for the...
- the guest house?
- Which one?
The... The one
with the pool?
Oh, yeah, it's just
right down that way.
- You're heading there, right?
- That way?
- Yeah.
- So I just... okay.
Follow the path, brother,
you'll get there.
Oh, hey!
I'm here, sorry.
I'm here.
- You almost saw me naked.
- I almost did.
- Almost.
Oh!
One more!
Oh, please...
Please stop doing that.
I'm just kidding.
I wouldn't do that.
- Okay.
- Maybe I would.
I...
Oh, my God, how fucking
absurd is this place?
Thank you.
Thank you, this is like,
I've never seen
anything like this.
I, like, need this
to work out with me and Ker.
I can't go back to being poor.
Back to being a model, yeah?
- I'm an actress.
- Oh, that's cool.
Have I seen you in anything?
Do you watch "Murderer Minds"?
- No.
- I was murdered on it.
- Cool.
- I also sing,
dance, paint.
Run a wellness Instagram account
with over 50,000 followers.
Oh, wow. You got
a lot going on, huh?
Not really, I just try
to speak it into existence.
Like "The Secret."
No, it's not a secret.
I just don't wanna work hard.
Okay.
I'm bored.
Cool.
Oh...
- Oh, my God.
- Yeah.
- What're you getting?
- Mischief.
All right, okay.
How about a little...
Ooh, this one has
some secrets.
Did you guys know that nearly 3%
of Atlantic glaciers is
penguin urine?
Car, who told you that?
I learned it at Harvard.
That's awesome.
You went to Harvard.
Yeah, you didn't know?
No, no, I didn't...
Lindz, just have one.
- God, I...
- Come on, we're wine tasting
in, like, 30 minutes, this'll
get you back in the game.
I know, I just... I feel
like I'm dying right now.
Did you drink the electrolytes?
- Yeah.
- Oh.
I'll text Milton
and have him put
- another kit in the room.
- Okay.
I'm sorry, hey,
who... who is Milton?
He's Milton.
What would you say his job is?
- Jack.
- Um...
I think he was, like,
a party planner
or maybe an interior designer.
Um, Matt, babe,
how would you describe
- what Milton does?
- Uh...
he's...
he's Milton.
Okay, and then
the... the-the guys,
I met the guy watering
the plant today
- with the mullet.
- Uh, that is Daniel.
- Daniel... and Daniel...
- Oh, Dan!
Yeah, Brother Dan,
Dan is the man!
Daniel is Daniel, and I...
don't want to talk
about it anymore.
It's high acid.
What I do want to talk about is
my... babe...
- Do you feel that...
- Babe, I'm trying to...
- I'm having a moment.
- What, babe, what?
- Please.
- I'm talking...
I'm talking too!
What I do want to talk about is
my friend Lindz.
Matt, did you know
that Lindz was studying
at FIDM
before Jack got disbarred
- and her mother died?
- Oh, no, I didn't know that.
- Yeah.
- Jack didn't get disbarred.
- He's just...
- She wanted to make upscale
sustainable clothing.
You want to make
upscale sustainable clothing.
I've been thinking about it,
and I wanna help Lindz
realize her dream
of becoming a girl boss.
Yes, girl boss.
- Wait, what?
I think we should invest
in our friend Lindz
and help make
her dream a reality.
Hey...
sure, yeah.
Right on... congrats, Lindz.
- Let's do it.
- Yeah!
- Congratulations!
- What...
- Cheers! Cheers!
- Yeah, no, we're...
- Congratulations.
Oh, sure,
it's... thank you!
- Oh, my God.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
- So, I... I mean,
what...
so do you wanna do the store?
Or do you wanna do a line?
Oh, well, I haven't really
thought about it, let's talk
- about it later, okay?
- Okay.
We gotta do wine tasting
first, remember?
- What just happened?
- Wine tasting
- is happening.
- Whoo!
There's this cute
little place down the road.
All the workers who pick
the grapes are given
insurance and livable wages.
- And we have to support them.
- I got it.
Matt, do you wanna...
Do you want me to pitch in?
I could just sell
my car or something.
I could probably...
- This guy!
- We got it.
- He's so funny.
- You know...
Jack, I will
take payment from you
in karate-chopping my enemies.
Kerry, Kerry,
did you hear that?
That was so funny.
- Hilarious.
- Finish your drinks.
- Finish your drinks, dummies.
- Let's go, come on.
- Okay, okay, bottoms up.
- Oh, hey...
- Yes.
- Jack, are you gonna drive?
Yeah, I'll drive
Lindsay and I separate,
and we'll meet you guys
there, yeah?
- What the fuck just happened?
- I know.
Okay, this is now not
just a fun weekend,
this is also a business weekend.
She could become my colleague.
Keeping it tight,
maybe not joke about us
being poor at the dinner table?
But we're... we're not poor.
No, I know that we're not poor,
but compared to them,
we definitely are.
Right, but compared to them,
99.9% of the world is,
I mean, Gary's grandfather
invented tater tots,
and Matt's worth, like,
a billion dollars.
- How do you know?
- I had service
in the restaurant
and Googled him.
Wait, why...
- Why'd you Google him?
- Why'd I...
He ran a background check
on me... I can't Google him?
- No, I just...
- You said everybody Googles.
Okay, just stop saying Google.
Get your nose in the glass.
Get it in there.
Further, further.
Come on, let's go ask Georges.
Get it in there.
Georges?
Am I on pills,
or does this taste
more like a burgundy?
No, you're not.
Actually, it's because
it has a lower
alcohol content
than most California pinots.
- Mmm.
- It's because
we're bio dynamic.
- Obviously.
- Obviously, now,
correct me if I'm wrong,
but aren't you only
one of four bio dynamic
vineyards in California?
- Am I right?
- One of four
certified by
the French government.
- Ahh.
- Yes.
I love France.
- Yeah, she does!
- Yeah, baby!
That's... a great place.
I love France.
Honestly, I would love
to go to Provence.
Oh, we're going.
After you've set up the line.
You're... You're really serious
about this, aren't you?
Be pretty fucked up if I wasn't.
Hey, babe?
- Yeah, babe?
- What... What do we like?
Uh, what do you like?
- Um... oh, I like the white.
- Which?
Oh, um...
all of 'em.
Get all the whites!
You can spit the wine.
You don't have to swallow it
- every time.
- Oh!
No, I like swallowing.
You heard the lady,
why don't we do
a case of each?
Oh...
okay.
Okay, um, why don't
I bring those to the car?
And you can finish up
your glasses here?
- Love it.
- Actually, Georges,
you know what?
Why don't you just, uh,
why don't you just double it?
Oh... double it?
- Yeah, two cases of each.
- Each.
Okay, well, sorry.
I went to Berkeley,
so we didn't...
Numbers were just shapes.
- Sure, sure, sure...
- So, you want...
two of both varietals
or four of both varietals?
- Yes, both.
- Each.
Wonderful.
- That's white.
- Oh... oopsies.
It's rosé.
I don't think...
Is that how they make rosé?
Mm-hm, you just mix
red and white.
- Okay. Hi, hi.
- Hi, um,
- which one did you like?
- I, uh...
- Hi, thank you.
- Try the rosé.
- Hi.
- No, it's... we're great.
Which... Which wine did
I like, Carrie?
Jackie likes the penis noir.
Penis... Pinot noir.
'Cause he likes the penis!
- Okay.
- Okay, hey,
so I think
we should get some wine.
- Can you take care of that?
- Yeah.
Yeah, no, I'll get some wine.
That's good. Can you maybe
just... no, okay.
Bye.
- Excuse me, sir?
- Yeah?
I guess I need
a bottle of, um, the...
The Pinot noir.
Okay, just a bottle?
Yeah, just...
Just a bottle, please?
- Can I see the price sheet?
- No.
I'm sorry, I...
it's market price,
so it just kind of like
is what I feel at the moment.
- Whoa!
- Oh, my God.
- Oh! Okay.
- There she goes.
- Just...
- Oh, boy.
- She's fun.
- Yeah, she's fun.
- Oh, maybe we...
Maybe we get to some
water there, Car-Bear.
No water...
Hey, Kerry, do you wanna
help me out here, bud?
Dude, she's like 11 pounds,
you got it.
- Okay.
- You're doing great, Jack.
- Okay...
- Whee!
Okay, I'm just gonna...
Ballet!
- Turn her on her side.
- Oh, that's sweet.
- That's sweet.
- Well, I just don't want her
to throw up
on those hair extensions.
Take off those shoes,
they're very expensive.
I have those.
My wife has those.
Yeah.
- Carrie is drunk.
- Yeah.
Maybe we ought a,
like... yeah?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
Sure.
- You're terrible.
- I know.
So bad.
She's the worst, though.
No, you did not say that.
You didn't.
- Hey.
- Oh, my God.
Uh, we may need to Uber home.
- Ooh, we don't have room?
- Yeah, no.
Hey, I got the wine.
- Yeah, what?
- Just...
...why did you
only get a bottle?
Well, because Carrie said
it was my favorite.
It's the penis noir, and then
Matt said it would go
with the BBQ tonight.
Okay, but why didn't
you get a case?
'Cause they're, like,
really expensive.
- Like how expensive?
- Like... Like, a lot.
- What's a lot?
- Like, $50 a bottle.
Oh... okay, well,
just put it on the Master card.
We can afford that.
You wanna waste $300
on six bottles of wine?
- A case is 12.
- A case is six.
- A case of beer is 12.
- A case of beer is 24.
- What is a case of 12?
- I have no idea, White Claw?
Just buy it.
Lindsay, that's a car payment.
Hey, Georges, I'm so sorry.
- Hi.
My husband made a mistake.
We are actually going
to take a case
of the Pinot grigio.
- Pinot noir.
- Of the Pinot noir.
Absolutely.
And you know what,
actually, we're gonna get
two cases, right?
Because we can have
one with the dinner tonight,
and then we can take one home,
right, Jack?
It's gonna go great
with the dinner.
Yeah, you know,
you do get a discount
if you buy a case.
That's great.
So just charge the same card?
- Yes, absolutely.
- Okay.
- Thank you so much.
- That is...
- so thoughtful of you.
- Ugh, oh, my gosh.
It's the least we could do,
right, Jack?
Yeah, yeah, you know,
I just... I just had a thought.
What if... What if we take
the Tesla back
since we're waiting
for the rest of the wine
to show up, and you guys
just take my car,
and we'll see you
back there, yeah?
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Do you know
how to drive a Tesla,
- Jack?
- Do I...
I think the real question, Ker,
is do you know
how to drive a Corolla?
So funny.
You... You put it in drive?
Yep, just start it, drive,
you're good to go.
- All right.
- Okay.
- Okay, cool,
we'll just do
a little switcheroo.
- Cute, love it.
- Right.
- Thanks, Jackie.
- Okay.
Definitely sitting up here.
- Thank you.
- Watch your head, Carrie.
- Ooh!
- Good work.
Oh, she lost her little crown.
Yeah, that's okay.
Okay.
Yeah... origami.
Bye!
We need to get rid
of this fucking wine.
- What? Why?
- Because we can't afford it.
- Why?
- Because...
it's $300 a bottle.
- What?
- Yeah.
You said that it was 50.
Because I didn't want you
to get pissed off at me
for spending $300
on a bottle of wine.
So, you lied to me.
I... no.
No, not doing this right now.
Georges, hi!
Hi, you know what,
I think my wife is
actually the one
who made a mistake here.
We need to return
this wine please.
- Oh, no, we don't do that.
- You don't do what?
We don't do refunds.
Okay... okay...
...we're good...
Look, hey, hey.
- Yeah?
- I work in sales, okay?
I get it, right? You gotta get
your nut here, right?
Okay, no-no-no-no-no.
I got my nut.
And I got their nut,
and I got your nut,
and I got all your nuts
all over my face, okay?
And we still don't do refunds.
No, wait, look... fuck, come on,
- come on, hey, hey, look...
- Jack?
It's still in the box, right?
It's still organic.
Biodynamic.
And overpriced.
You can take this back...
- No, no, that's okay.
- Jack?
- He needs to take this back!
- Jack!
What?
- We have to keep it.
- Why?
Because we said we would
drink it at dinner tonight.
Fuck!
You do not get to be mad
at me about this.
I don't get to be mad
at you about this.
- Don't do that, Jack.
- Do what?
- Don't do the thing.
- What thing?
- The lawyer thing.
- I'm not doing
a lawyer thing, I'm just...
making a counterpoint.
Oh, there it is.
You lied to me.
It's as simple as that.
Okay, um, I'd just argue
that I lied to you
because you're really
embarrassed of me.
I am not embarrassed of you.
I... mm, see, you want us
to be these people,
and we're just not,
and, like, that's okay.
These people are
miserable and drunks.
They're drunks?
They haven't stopped drinking
since we got here.
- It's her birthday weekend.
- Which she didn't tell you.
Because she didn't want it
to be weird.
We are currently
sitting in a car
that is worth $100,000.
Inside of that car,
there is $150,000 worth of wine.
This is weird.
Hi.
- Hey!
- Hi!
You changed.
Oh, it's murder mystery night.
Milton made it
a Roaring '20s theme.
Oh, um, I just...
I didn't bring anything to wear.
Oh, that's okay,
Milton took care of it all.
There's some stuff
in your room, go get changed,
and then come back up here
whenever you're ready,
and we're all gonna
go down to the farmhouse.
Okay... oh, we brought the wine.
- Wine?
- From, um...
- from the tasting.
- Oh, right!
Great, um, yeah,
you can just put that
downstairs in the cellar
and then go get changed.
We're gonna kill each other!
Hey, Jack, tonight,
why don't you pick on a vase
your own size, see?!
Argh, ya see?
Well, good thing we bought two.
Okay.
They know my sizes?
How do they do that?
God, I want a Milton.
Listen up!
It seems there be
a murderer in our midst.
My name is
Police Chief Danny O'Sullivan!
And if there's one thing
I won't stand,
it's murderers in Chicago.
- Ooh.
- Manila!
Now, it seems
that someone's been
feeding me intel on the inside.
Isn't that right, Becca Brasco?
Yeah, see?!
Me and my crew,
we've been taking over
the South Side, see?!
When there was one person
standing in our way...
Jack, that's... that's your turn.
- Yeah, you go.
- It's your turn.
- Read the card.
- I just read it?
- Just read the card.
- Just the card? Okay, um,
Where did these cards come from?
"I'm Michael O'Malley
"from the south side.
My brother Patrick
- was murdered..."
- Okay, now, Jack, can you
please commit to the character?
- Do an accent.
- Can you give a...
It's so freeing
when you just read it
- with an accent.
- Okay, yeah, okay.
Okay, um...
"I'm Michael O'Malley
from the South Side.
My brother Patrick was murdered.
People think I did it
to take control
of the potato trade,
but that's impossible
because I was on the north side
with Don Kerryon..."
that's Kerry.
Ahh, that's-ah me!
"While I was on the north side
with Don Ker-Leone!"
True, true, that is true.
Because there's not
one person in this room
that didn't stand to gain
from Patrick's death.
Especially the wife!
Let's just pick up the cues.
Just pick up the cues, everyone.
- Seriously, take this.
- Becca was
a Fulbright scholar.
She's completely
wasting her life here.
- Love you, Becky.
- Okay, sorry, Becca.
Total respect.
Yeah, that's embarrassing.
You got it, babe, go.
- You got it.
- "It couldn't've been me.
I loved my husband.
We immigrated here
together from Kilkenny.
On that ride
across the Atlantic,
we would talk about
the better life
America would show us.
We heard that there are
no cats in America,
and the streets are
made of cheese.
- Is she going off script?
- Yeah, it's brilliant.
"Upon arriving in New York,
- Patrick took me in his..."
- Chicago! Chicago.
"... Chicago, Patrick took me
in his arms and said,
We will never want
for anything again."
And then one of you monsters
murdered him!
Wow!
Ooh!
Dude's got cryptocurrency.
Secret currency.
Right? It's just...
It's an idea.
Where do we put the crypto?
In storage.
Is it a fuckin' crypto bank?
- I don't know yet.
- You all right, bud?
I'm just in a dark...
A dark hole right now.
Come here, come here,
come here, come here...
Then come sit,
come sit, come sit.
This is how we come out
the other side.
He goes in here...
Just give it... watch,
watch, five, four,
three, two, one.
What's up, guys?
All right.
So what you're gonna want
is you're gonna want
cold storage,
cold storage can make it
so it can't be encrypted
by other people.
- That's it right there.
- So you have a pass code
which is gonna break it up...
And the Boner Award...
...for Worst Job
Keeping Their Facts
Straight goes to...
Oh, I know who that is.
Jack!
Yay, Jack!
Ah... ah!
Uh... fuck you.
You have to use that, Jack.
He's a good sport...
And last but not least,
the award for Finest Performance
goes to...
Lindsay!
Oh, my God!
I would like to thank
all of you, blah-blah-blah,
this is amazing!
Oh, my God, of course
you think Lindz gave
the best performance.
What are you talking about?
Lindz was great.
- Thank you.
- Oh, no, she's amazing.
I... Becca was...
Pfft! wet.
But-But Daniel knows Lindz
from high school, so...
She rocked it,
she was in all the plays.
I think he's a little biased.
Wait, high school?
- Yeah.
- Daniel...
Daniel and Lindz went
to high school together.
And they used to,
you know, they used to...
- Cat.
- ...whatever.
- Oh.
- They used to what?
No, well, we just... we went
to high school together.
It's not a big deal.
You knew that.
I didn't.
I didn't know that, Dan.
Oh... yeah, well...
oh.
Dan?
Dan...
Dan, oh...
- you're Dan.
- Yeah, brother.
May I speak to you privately
over there please?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Uh, anybody want
- a refill?
- Blue penis.
- Over here.
- Babe, they called him
Big Dick Dan 'cause
he's very well-endowed.
Oh! Brother Dan's
packing a real ham cannon, huh?
I see that for Dan, yeah.
But it's, like, a...
It's like a thing for Jack
because he doesn't have...
Well, he's...
'Cause... 'Cause,
is Jack not packing
- a ham cannon?
- No, he has...
Is that Big Dick Dan?
- Okay, can we just...
- No, yes or no question.
Is that Big Dick Dan?
Yes.
- Yes, it is.
- Okay.
Okay.
I am not going to point out
that you just ripped me
a new asshole in the car
for lying to you
about a bottle of wine.
I... but you kind of are
by saying that, so...
That is fair.
So I'm not gonna do that.
And I am not gonna freak out
- now that I have met Dan.
- Which, Jack, honey,
that really was so long ago.
And it's great that you
wouldn't freak out about it
because it was another person,
it was another time, you know?
- Yeah, yeah, okay.
- Okay.
- Okay, yeah.
So I'm just gonna...
I'm just gonna push this,
like, deep...
deep...
- down inside...
- Okay.
And we are just
gonna deal with this
when we get home, okay?
- Okay. Okay.
I am so sorry.
Thanks, Cat.
Not your fault.
Actually, I didn't know that,
but I don't care.
And after hearing about
Daniel and his ham cannon,
I'm probably gonna
have sex with him, too.
Is that okay with you, Ker?
I seriously do not care.
And I'm not judging anyone here.
That's beautiful, brother.
I mean, at the end of the day,
it's just sex, right?
Yes, I've had sex
with your wife,
and I've had sex with Becca.
And it sounds like I'm gonna
have sex with Carrie.
And that's awesome.
But what you have, brother,
that's deeper than penetration.
You have a life.
And I think it's a great honor
to be bonded like this
to another man.
Look... Lindsay taught me
so much about sex,
and I taught her
a bunch of cool stuff, too.
And you're still reaping
those benefits today.
So...
thank you.
And you're welcome.
I'm welcome?
Yeah.
I mean, obviously,
we're gonna have
different experiences
because we have
different body types.
You're shorter than I am.
I'm... are you saying
I'm smaller than you?
Yeah, well, you're like five...
What the fuck is that
- supposed to mean?
- Jack?
- It's okay, brother.
- ...I'm smaller than you?
I'm fucking shorter than you?
No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
- this is very...
- Triggering?
Thank you, Ker,
not really the time right now.
- Sounds like we just got...
- Don't touch me, man!
Jack!
I'm sorry, I'm really sorry.
Are you okay?
- Give me that!
- No... whoa... no, no!
Take his power!
Grab it!
- Time out!
- Careful! Careful!
Oh! Oh!
Please!
I wanna stop!
I wanna stop! Please stop.
- I wanna... yes!
- Aah.
Well, my thirst for blood
remains unquenched.
Yeah, yeah... hey, fellas,
this is getting
"hard-on" to watch.
I have lower back issues.
Oh, me too, man.
And the winner
of the weirdest fight
in history...
is Jack!
Oh, God.
- Lindsay?
- Dan?!
You get the fuck outta here now!
Go upstairs, go to bed.
Think about what you did.
Goddamn it.
I'll see you in the morning.
Hey, thank you for
all your hard work tonight,
by the way.
Thank you very much.
I'll see you upstairs, Dan.
Excellent storytelling.
- That guy's the best.
- Really lovely.
That was impressive.
He is the fucking best, man.
- Why are you sad?
- Because...
Jack was doing so much better.
You know?
But he won the fight.
Oh, my God.
He's gonna actually go to jail.
- Why?
- Because
he assaulted Dan,
and Dan's gonna press charges.
Oh, no, he won't.
Daniel has signed
multiple NDAs...
and he gets asshole tax
every time something
like this happens.
Oh, what is asshole tax?
Daniel and Becca get
an extra ten grand
every time my husband or a guest
is an asshole.
Wow.
This happens a lot.
- Okay.
- He makes
way too much money to try to...
Yeah.
I'm gonna get my...
my girl.
My girl, Gigi.
- Gigi?
- Yeah.
She is the solution.
- Gigi is the solution?
- She's a witch.
She's a good witch.
I have to go to bed.
Good night.
God, I hate you.
That's okay.
I suck.
Well, you took the fun
right out of that.
Here, let me carry you
to bed, come on.
Oh! Oh!
Ow, why'd you kick me?
She does that.
- Why were you on the floor?
- I... I guess
I didn't wanna wake
you guys up? I don't...
- Hey, Dan.
- Yeah, brother?
I'm sorry about last night, man.
No hard feelings, brother.
I'm sorry, too.
"The lady of the house
requests your presence
"in the grace garden
for a healing cacao ceremony
at 10:00 am."
Why is she in our bed?
I don't know, Jack, why?
Do you wanna fight her, too?
No, I don't...
Fuck!
How do these people
fucking live like this?
- It's...
- Jack...
What the fuck happened
last night?
Jack, grow the fuck up.
You could've gone to jail again.
- I didn't go...
- I'm going to get coffee.
Hi.
- Good morning.
Uh, listen, I...
I just wanted to talk to you
about last night.
I'm really sorry, and I just...
I don't know, I just feel
like it was so...
Very avoidable.
Um...
yeah, yeah, I mean,
I... definitely
could've talked to Jack sooner.
Or you could've not told me.
Right.
There's an espresso
if you want coffee.
Okay.
What the fuck?
Oh, goddamn it!
You must be Lindz.
I've heard about you.
I'm sorry,
have we... have we met?
I'm Gigi.
Catherine's shaman.
I'm really looking forward to...
healing together today.
Mars...
is the god of war.
Scorpio is the sign of the self.
You're at war with yourself.
But...
we can work on that together.
Today.
See you in the garden.
I am incredibly honored
to be sitting with you all
in intention today...
at this cacao ceremony.
Please take a moment
to thank yourself...
Thank you.
And please thank one another
for sharing this time together.
Thank you.
We are trying to connect
on a deeper level,
on a human level,
so we can see each other.
We have already created
our sacred space.
We each have our own
individual bowls of cacao.
Take a sip of the cacao, please,
as you're sitting
with your intention.
This world is
such a crazy place.
So... hectic.
So... ego... ic.
We spend all of this time
traveling
through all these years,
trying to get
to a certain place of hope,
up this hill, to a destination?
And then we wake up
in the morning,
and we step outside.
We take a deep breath,
or we just... we get really high.
When we want
to really be yelling,
at the top of our lungs,
"Hey!
What's going on?!"
Wouldn't it be incredible
if you could just turn
to your partner
and say...
"Do you know what I want?
What I really, really want?"
And they could look at you,
and they would know
exactly what you want,
what you really,
really wanted,
because it's a safe space.
And you could tell them,
without any stuttering,
no "I want, uh,
I may want, uh..."
You know what you really,
really want.
They know.
You both want to be...
friends.
Possibly lovers.
But you wanna be seen.
Yes? Yes.
Yes.
Please take another sip
of the cacao.
Please repeat after me.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
I love you. I'm sorry.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
I love you. I'm sorry.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
- Please forgive me.
- Again!
I love you.
I'm sorry.
- Please forgive me.
- Again!
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
Thank you.
Now that we are done
with the cacao ceremony,
I would like to invite
you all to take a moment
to dance with me in intention.
Yes.
Think about your heart.
What is it feeling?
Is it a give?
Is it a take?
Are you taking too much?
Do not be shy.
Explore what love means for you.
Nothing is wrong,
everything is right.
We're not dancing,
love is moving us.
Incredible.
Powerful group here.
Be intentional.
This is what I wanna see.
Are you guys feeling this?
I am just so overcome
with the whirlwind of love
Mmm...
so, let's continue.
From the front
of the house are...
- The Pinot.
- Pinot which?
- Noir.
- Good.
Good, good, good.
And what's behind the house?
- The shiraz.
- Very close.
It's actually syrah.
But you know
what's kind of funny?
- It's the same thing.
- What?
Shiraz is just...
Australian syrah,
but the French don't like
the Australians,
so they were like,
no, you can...
You can call it "syrah,"
and they were like,
"Well, what do we call it?"
And they were like, "You call it
whatever you want,
but not syrah,"
and they were like,
"Fine, we'll...
we'll call it shiraz."
It's the same thing
as sauvi B and Saint Cyr,
it's just a marketing
question, you know?
Yeah...
- Oh, man.
- You are great, man.
- Thanks, man.
- No, like,
I cannot wait
to get to know you better.
When are we gonna do that?
You know, with Cat
and Lindsay working together,
we may hang out all the time.
- They are?
- Yeah, remember?
At brunch, she said
you'd fund the thing.
Oh, my God, so much has
happened this weekend.
- I know.
- What's the company?
Sustainable clothing something.
Oh, that's a pretty good idea.
Can I hit you with a truth bomb?
Blow it up.
Don't let Lindz...
get involved with Cat.
And don't... And don't
you get involved
with Cat, either.
Why?
Cat is my wife
and my raison d'etre
and my light
and my path forward,
and all of that,
so if she ever hears
that I said this,
I will deny it to the hill,
then I'll say
that you were fucked up
and made it up, but...
Cat's kind of a...
an experience hoarder.
And she loves to feel
like a patron
of the arts.
Like a de' Medici from Italy
in the Renaissance,
but this is the problem, right?
Is that she holds on
to these experiences,
and if you try to take 'em
away, she's like,
"No! This is my stuff!"
And she forgets
that there's people
on the other end
of those experiences,
and those people inevitably
end up on the...
on the trash pile of her hoard.
And I don't want that
to happen to you and Lindz.
I mean, just...
Let me just... let me just
throw something out at you
here, do you know that,
last year, I was funding
three nonprofit
theater companies in Astoria,
one alpaca farm in Argentina...
and two equestrian academies
in Atlanta and Austin,
and that... that was just because
she liked the A sounds
back to back.
- It's called assonance.
- Really?
Yeah.
Fuck, there is a word
for everything.
But this is
what I'm saying, okay?
Cat doesn't follow through.
All of those businesses
I just mentioned?
Guess where they are.
I don't know.
That... That's them not existing.
They don't exist anymore.
They all went under
because Cat got bored with them.
Yeah.
Cat thinks I lack compassion.
But she only thinks that
because I make so much money.
Just because
I make a lot of money
does not therefore mean
I lack compassion, right?
Right, Jack?
I need you to say "right."
Yeah, right, no.
My biggest fear is that
Cat's only with me
because I make
such a fuck ton of money.
- Fuck.
- Does that sound
like somebody
who lacks compassion?
No, I think you feel
a lot of stuff.
Thank you.
Thank you, yes.
- I do.
- Can I...
Can I tell you something?
God, I wish you would.
I'm afraid Lindsay's
gonna leave me
because I don't
make enough money.
That's like the yin to my yang.
She wants me
to ask you about a job.
Do you want a job?
I don't know, doing what?
Well, what do you wanna do?
I don't know what I wanna do.
Then why would
I have a job for you, my man?
You know?
My advice... My advice, Jack,
you just... you figure out
what you wanna do.
And you go do it.
We're not really silly anymore.
We're not silly people.
We're so serious.
Daniel, I'm sorry,
but your... your fingers
feel like worms,
and if we just take
a quick little break...
I feel like I'm getting
buried in the dirt.
- Absolutely.
- Thanks, Becca.
- Ugh, Lindz...
- Hmm?
Not to be serious, but...
we gotta talk about the line.
Yes.
Okay, okay:
local, sustainable.
Local, sustainable,
and, yeah, I'm, like,
I'm thinking about, like,
textures and patterns.
- Mm.
- And... choreography
and rhythms and emotions
and thoughts.
Well, hemp is overdone.
- Completely.
- Mm-hmm.
- Couldn't agree more.
- Something strong.
Yeah, strong like, um...
- trees... mm.
- Mm.
Could we make it out of bark?
I don't know that
I've seen that done before.
Mm-mm... hmm.
You're right, yeah,
no, that's a...
That's a bad idea.
That one was the mushrooms.
I may have gotten
too much mushrooms.
- Too much mushrooms.
- Too much.
- Wait, what?
We were supposed to micro-dose.
- Micro-dose?
- Mm, yeah.
That's where you do, like,
a little bit of...
a little bit of mushrooms
over a sustained period
so you... you don't get, like,
super fucked-up,
you just become, sort of,
enlightened and...
We all micro-dosed on mushrooms?
- Yes.
- When?
Um... since
dinner on Friday.
So, all weekend?
Well, I don't...
no, not, like, all weekend.
- Friday?
- It was...
in the mung bean bowls
on Friday,
and then the...
the bloody Marys and the BBQ.
- And today?
- And just now
- at the cacao.
- So all weekend.
Lindz...
How dare you.
How dare you incept
my mind with your time?
What is...
time is crazy.
Oh, my God.
Sorry I didn't even realize that
we were at the end
of the weekend.
- We're on drugs?
- Oh, I feel bad.
Yes.
- We are.
- Oh, my God, no.
I'm having a bad moment.
Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no.
Let's "sprin"...
Spin this straw into gold.
No, Jack said
we couldn't do drugs.
Jack said we couldn't do...
Jack can't do drugs.
He actually can do them
pretty well.
No, no, like,
he can't do them, like,
he gets drug tested.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
What a twist.
No, no... don't worry about it,
Gigi has a guy that's...
It'll all get sorted out.
- We'll take care of it.
- Oh, my God, no,
but he has a guy,
he has a... he has a guy,
his name is Doug,
and it's his officer.
It's his... It's his...
"he's in trouble" person.
He has to make sure
he's not in trouble.
He...
Doug is so irrelevant
in this story.
I can't even...
I can't even tell you
how much you don't have
to worry about Doug.
I don't understand,
and the bad feeling is
- not going away.
- No-no-no-no-no.
We're above that... in fact,
we were doing ayahuasca
with Elon and Grimes
right before they had the baby,
- A-Ash-12-17-50,000...
- I think...
I think I... I need to go.
- Jackie.
- Oh, my God.
- Hi.
- Okay.
- Okay, yeah,
Doug, yeah, this is not a thing.
Are you feeling okay?
Yeah, no, I just... I'm...
I'm, like, dehydrated
or... something.
Honestly, I've felt off,
like, all day.
It's been...
yeah, it's been
an emotional day.
That's... That's
an understatement, yeah.
- Um... I...
- So...
- No, did you...
- No, what were you gonna say?
- You wanna?
- You sure?
- Yeah, no, go.
Yeah, okay,
I was... you know,
I was hanging out
with Matt by the pool,
and we were... we were talking.
Oh, my gosh, were you guys
talking about work?
In a very... yeah, like,
in a roundabout way.
Jack!
That's incredible.
You working with Matt,
and me working with Cat.
This is...
This is really exciting.
Like, this could
actually happen.
This... This could be our life.
Right?
Look, this...
This isn't real, though.
Okay, Jack,
this is the thing, though.
This is the thing that you do
when you are not accepting
an invitation to upgrade
because you're scared
to take a leap.
I don't know what you're
talking about right now.
I just...
wanna do it
my way, for once.
Um, taking money from a stranger
isn't doing it your way.
She's not a stranger.
I'm kind of offended that
you think it's taking money.
She's investing in me.
She believes in me.
Could you try maybe
taking a note from Cat?
Maybe a, "Hey, Lindsay,
you're really talented.
"Hey, I would love
to support you.
"Hey, I think you're worth it.
Hey, this could be
really good for us."
No, okay. Okay.
- Lindsay?
- No, it's fine.
Lindsay? Lindsay?
I love you.
We don't know them.
And you don't know
how to run a business,
so getting into business
with these people,
it's like...
That's a terrible idea.
You are not...
physically, mentally,
and emotionally capable
of running a business.
I'm not either, so, like,
taking money from someone...
Hey, Jack?
Please stop.
Dinner's almost ready.
- Great, thank you.
- Great.
You guys doing good?
You look great.
- Thanks, see you at dinner.
- Okay.
Okay, I wasn't listening.
No, but the really
fucked-up thing is,
do you know how much
I paid Dan this year?
Like, $250,000.
And that's on top of his salary.
That's not the salary.
Milton's asked that
we all meet down at the barn
for the weekend finale.
But, hey... hey, hey!
But first I just want
to quickly express again
my deep and sincere appreciation
to each and every one of you
for opening yourselves up to...
- Blah-blah-blah-blah...
- ...to each other.
- Let's get weird!
- Let's get it!
Fuck it,
let's get weird, Carrie.
Let's fucking get weird.
Everybody put
your fucking headphones on!
Why do you look so bored?
Ugh, I'm not bored, I'm just...
Drink.
I can't drink champagne
right now.
Just have a glass of champagne.
I don't wanna
drink champagne right now.
Please, just one,
it'll be the best night ever.
I'm sorry, I just...
I'm so mad at Jack right now.
If you don't have
one glass of champagne,
I will literally kill myself.
I swear to God, I will jump
right out of that window
like the Kool-Aid Man.
I will eat an entire box
of Tide Pods.
I will drink
an entire bottle of bleach.
Daniel, hit me with the bleach!
It's happening.
I will drink a sip.
Good girl.
That a baby!
Let's show these fuckers
how to dance!
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Could I get a water?
- Yeah!
Take those headphones off.
Oh...
- Can I get a water?
- Yeah.
- There you go.
- Wow, you are flying.
Mmm.
You guys are
really feeling it already.
- Yeah.
- They wanted us to break
the pills in half,
but they were just...
too hard, so we just
plopped them right in.
What?
- The pills.
- In the champagne.
Yeah, double-stack Cadillacs.
Waah!
- Oh, shit.
- Uh-oh.
Okay.
- Hey.
Hi, hi...
...that is wild.
Uh-huh.
Hey, can I talk...
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah, let's...
let's connect.
- Okay.
- You are so soft.
- Oh, thank you.
- Your skin is so soft.
We don't touch enough.
- I know.
- We used to touch more.
- I love you too.
- I love you so much.
- I love you.
- I feel amazing...
- Hey, Jack?
...Right now, yes, Lindsay.
- I know.
- I feel amazing, I love...
- Listen to me.
- Yeah.
That's because we're on molly.
What?
It was in the champagne.
We were also
on mushrooms all day.
- What?!
- Yeah, it was in the cacao.
- The chocolate?
- Uh-huh.
And a couple of other things.
- Okay, okay, okay.
- Just breathe.
- I can't do drugs.
- No, I think it's a little
too late, though.
All of these people drugged us?
Fuck them!
Fuck them so fucking hard!
- Fuck you!
- Jack!
I need you to calm down, okay?
- You need to breathe.
- Okay.
I see the dragon coming.
And I want you to stay with me,
and I want you to look
in me, in my eyes.
Okay? I told her
that you can't do drugs.
- I can't do drugs.
- And it's okay
- because Cat has a guy.
- Cat has a guy,
- Yeah.
- Well, I mean,
it's not Cat's guy,
it's... Gigi has a guy.
And there's
something about Elon.
- Elon?
- Yeah.
It's okay because
she has a podcast...
A... what the fuck are
you talking about
- right now?
- No, listen to me, I'm just...
These people do this,
it's like, it happens
in little doses, and listen,
I just need everything
to be cool because...
Well, I can't be cool
right now, Lindsey,
I'm on drugs,
I can't be cool right now!
Okay, please...
Please stop yelling.
- You're making a scene.
- I'm sorry that
I'm making a scene in front
of these fucking people
who are trying
to ruin our lives.
- Oh, my God.
- These fucking people
you've known
for ten fucking days!
These people?
These people? Jack,
Jesus Christ, are you even
listening to yourself?
You just keep
repeating yourself,
over and over and over again!
You keep saying
the same stupid shit,
and you keep wearing
and you keep watching the same
stupid shit,
and you keep being this...
shitty version of yourself,
and I keep waiting
for you to change,
and you're not changing,
and I just...
I understand that you fell down,
and I just need you... I need you
to get back up, okay?
And I know that you blame me.
- I don't blame you...
- You do.
- I don't blame you.
- Listen to me.
I understand
that you're angry,
but I need you
to get back up.
Because this person
believes in me.
- Cat believes in you?
- Yes.
I don't believe in you
but Cat believes in you?
We're here because
your friend Cat
- believes in you? Yeah?
- Yes, Jack!
She is my friend.
Why else would we be here?
Because they're
fucking rich, Lindsay.
That's it.
They beckoned.
We fucking came, okay?
And your friend Cat?
You just wanna be her.
She fucking sucks.
She's mean,
and she's manipulative,
and she's a fucking bully,
and these people...
They're not your friends.
All right?
We are entertainment to them.
They think the way
we live our life is funny.
They think the way I dress
is fucking funny.
Okay? I understand
that I am not
giving you
what you want in life,
and I'm sorry, but, like,
this isn't us.
We are not gonna have
this life ever.
Well, then maybe
I don't want our life anymore.
No, no, no.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
No, I love you.
These people don't love you.
I love you.
- Jack.
- I love you.
- Look at me, I love you.
- I hear you.
But you were just yelling at me.
And I'm going outside.
Lindsay.
Savage, bro.
Fuck you, Kerry.
That's fair.
Oh, my God.
I am so sorry.
I am so embarrassed.
I am mortified, Jack just...
- Oh, Lindz, Lindsay...
- I can't believe
- he said those things.
- I... honestly, I loved it.
I loved it.
- What?
- Nobody ever has
the balls to talk to me
like that.
Like, we pay them too much.
Even Matt is terrified of me,
which I love.
But it also makes me sad.
But, like, I'm not
the only one who's sad
and fucked up, you know?
Like, I... yeah,
I'm an alcoholic.
My husband's a workaholic.
Your husband is insecure.
You lack purpose.
But so do I, that's...
that's why I'm an alcoholic.
It gives me something to do.
- No.
- We're like a clown car
on the way
to a Chris Gaines concert.
- No.
- Look at us.
No... no!
It's like, God, I just...
I just wanted not to be us for,
like, a minute.
- Do you know what I mean?
- How'd that go?
My husband's
rolling his face off,
and he just screamed at me.
I saw that.
I loved that.
For me... not...
I didn't love that for you.
That must have been
really embarrassing.
- Yeah.
- Gosh.
It was.
I'm...
I'm trying to work
on my empathy.
Did I pass the test?
Hey, sorry that you thought that
I had an answer or something...
Somehow the missing piece
in your heart.
Most of me is missing,
to be honest.
It doesn't make any sense
'cause I have everything
that I ever wanted,
and I'm... not happy.
I have a hot husband,
and I have
two beautiful children,
and I have...
12 properties.
Money doesn't fix
your problems, babe.
It just makes them prettier.
Oh! Okay.
Should I write a book?
Should I be a poet?
Should we smash
John Mayer's guitar, um...
- That's John Mayer's guitar?
- Yes!
It's John Mayer's guitar.
He left it here,
and he clearly didn't want it.
Oh, my God!
Stop! Stop!
Whoo!
What the fuck are you doing?
Um, living?
Let me live, okay?
Should I call Milton
and have him bring us
some snacks?
We're having fun.
Milton!
I'm going to bed.
Bye.
Milton!
I'm sorry.
I'm really...
I'm just really sorry.
Jack, stop.
I'm really...
unhappy.
I know, and I'm really...
I'm really sorry, and I...
It's not your fault.
It's nobody's fault.
I'm really fucking intimidated
by these people.
I don't want to be these people.
I love you.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
You're such a fucking dick.
Take a sip of the cacao.
Daniel!
My God, can we please get
the fuck out of here?
- Yes, yes,
- Okay.
Get your shit, go!
There's still no service.
We'll figure it out.
You know what?
I'm gonna throw in
an extra case for you guys.
- Hey.
- Thank you.
Yeah, just because
I feel like we're connecting
on a wine level.
You know, 'cause I see people's
- wine spirits.
- Which one am I?
Oh...
The joy. The joy,
it kind of says to me,
just, like, viognier.
- You know what I mean?
- Yeah, Kerry's
- kind of effervescent.
- Thank you.
Effervescent's kind of
a strong word for viognier.
You know, okay?
But that's... that's just really
between us wine people.